<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
	template="/WEB-INF/templates/default_user.xhtml">
	
<ui:define name="custom_css">
	<h:outputStylesheet name="css/about.css" />
</ui:define>

<ui:define name="fullBody">
	<div id="table_container" class="container">
		<div class="table_1">
			<!-- elso elem -->
			<div class="table_1_element">
				<h1>About</h1>
				<p>Whether you are buying consumer electronic gadgets, household
					equipment or mobile phones, trendy or one-of-a-kind – if it exists
					in the world, it probably is for sale on uniZON. Our mission is to
					be the world’s favourite destination for discovering great tech
					value and unique selection.</p>
				<p>Our company, uniZON Ltd. was founded in 2016 as a start-up
					company and we could improve our business to a top-level e-commerce
					enterprise rapidly. We measure our success by our customers'
					success. We are building stronger connections towards our buyers
					with product experiences that are fast, mobile, and secure.</p>
				<p>Don’t forget: you only have to choose, we do the rest!</p>
			</div>
			<!-- masodik elem -->
			<div class="table_1_element">
				<h:graphicImage name="images/other/about.jpg"/>
			</div>
		</div>

		<div id="header">
			<h1>FAQ</h1>
		</div>
		<div class="table_2">
			<!-- elso elem -->
			<div class="table_2_element short_p">
				<h2>Do you provide international delivery?</h2>
				<p>Yes, we do. We can deliver to the following regions: all EU
					countries, Russia, Switzerland, North America, Mexico, Argentina,
					Brazil, Chile, Dubai, Japan, South-Korea, Australia and
					New-Zealand. If you’d like to ship your item to different region,
					please contact us for help.</p>
			</div>

			<div class="table_2_element short_p">
				<h2>How do I track my order?</h2>
				<p>In the verification e-mail we sent you after your purchase
					you can find a link and a tracking number below “Track my order”
					section. Once you click on this link you will see our courier
					partner’s website where you can type in your tracking number. Once
					you click on search you will find the latest updates about your
					shipment.</p>
			</div>

			<div class="table_2_element long_p">
				<h2>How do I return an item?</h2>
				<p>It's so easy, here's all you need to know. Locate the
					available return method(s) listed on the packing slip. We recently
					made some changes to our packing slip and return labels. Select
					your preferred method of return. Remove the original shipping label
					from the outside of the package and replace it with the selected
					return label. Get your package to the Post Office or to UPS (based
					on the selected return method). That’s it!</p>
			</div>

			<div class="table_2_element short_p">
				<h2>How can I contact your couries?</h2>
				<p>Our courier partner company will contact you via email 24
					hours before the start of the delivery process. They will give you
					the estimated arrival and the contact numbers as well. In the
					meantime, you can contact us for more information and we kindly
					forward your inquiry to the courier company.</p>
			</div>

			<div class="table_2_element long_p">
				<h2>What is your returns policy?</h2>
				<p>We guarantee our merchandise to be free of manufacturing
					defects and will accept any defective item for refund or exchange.
					uniZON will issue a refund within 30 days of purchase in the form
					and amount tendered for the original transaction. All returns or
					exchanges must be unused and in their original condition with
					receipt and tags attached. We will only refund shipping charges if
					we sent the wrong item or the item sent was defective.</p>
			</div>

			<div class="table_2_element short_p">
				<h2>What are your delivery options?</h2>
				<p>We have a contracted courier partner who can provide fast
					international delivery. Please be aware that delivery times depend
					on shipping country and address. Alternatively, you can select Post
					Office delivery, but it takes 4-6 weeks to ship your item to your
					location.</p>
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>
</ui:define>

</ui:composition>
